JS & Problem solving skills

Function declarations vs Function Expressions
  - Use function declaration if you want your function to be readily available at the start of your program, use function expression when you have to store them on variables
Arrow functions 
  - shortcut created for creating anonymous functions on the fly
Let vs Var
  - The difference mostly is on their scopes
    - let is scoped based on its immediate block {} but var is scoped based on its immediate function

Callback Functions 
  - functions passed as arguments to be called on later within the function

Callstack
  - Javascript operates like LIFO(Last In First Out), whoevers on top of the stack gets called first and pops it off then next function gets called and so on and so fort.


Problem solving skills

  1. **Understand the Problem**, when you dont understand what you're trying to solve you cant solve it, and you may end up wasting lots of time on a solution that solves nothing.
    - If you can explain it in plain english as simple as you can then you understand it.
  
  2.  **PLAN**, Sketch your plan on paper, create diagrams if you must if it has GUI then sketch it out also as a rough draft. describe the inputs that the user will enter or give you. What is your desired output based on your assesment of the problem then write out specific steps on solving the problem.
    - **PSEUDOCODE**, this are the specific steps that your code will do, written in plain english first not code.
    - **DIVIDE & CONQUER**, If what you're trying to accomplish feels big, divide the problem into subproblems to provide subsolutions that will ultimately be the solution the problem.

  3. **ACT IT OUT**, Act out your solution, it may be incomplete at first but unless you start solving it you will not arrive one step closer at any solution.


  "The art of debugging is finding out what your program/code is really doing instead of what you think it should do, you dig deep into what happens inside it and how you fucked it up."

  "If you dont learn anything, you wasted your time."
  "Practice always, practice practice practice, solving problems."
  "Programming isn't about the language"
  "Programming is always about problem solving."
